Author: Nick Palutsis

   When implemented, the program "graph" will tell the user that it will plot
y = 15 + 10 * sin(.1 * x^2) over the set range of -15 to 15. It then creates an X-Y
table for the user which displays the x and y coordinates being evaluated. Next to 
this table the graph of the function will be displayed for the user using a series of
'#' to show the position of the points with the x axis shown vertically and the y axis
shown horizonatlly. At the end of the program the user will see the x coordinate of 
both the maximum and minimum.
   Internally, the program works by first setting the range for the plot using the 
variables 'a' and 'b'. The 'printf()' function was then used to describe the purpose
of the program to the user and add headings to the table. The function was then run
at the x value for 'a' so that it could be set equal to 'ymax' and 'ymin' in order 
to set the initial maximum and minimum. A for loop was used to repeatedly plug in
the next x value into the function. If statements were used to reevaluate the 
maximum and minimums if necessary. If they changed, the new values were saved. The
x and y values were displayed to the user. The y value was then rounded to the nearest
integer using the 'round()' function. A nested for loop was then used to print the 
string '#' for 'y' iterations in order to create the graph. Once the original for loop
had run through the set range the maximum and minimums are displayed to the user, and
the program ends.
   I verified that the program was correct by first plugging the function into my 
graphing calculator. This showed me what the graph should look like as well as a table
of x and y vlaues that 

nick is a dumbass and seriously needs help with his wardrobe. BUT luckily he has a
 great friend maddie who will help him in his time of need. although not everyone can 
 help stupid but since maddie is just so brillant i guess she will try her best and 
 succeed. First we will start by burning every piece of clothing he owns. Next maddie 
 will have a diet coke to feel better. Finally Nick will no longer look like a 
 homeless person thanks to maddies help. P.S. what is a ASCII Art Graph? Does it have 
 pretty colors. I love colors even if you wear them wrong. I'm really good at rambling, 
 can you tell? Hurry up and write a damn sentence!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm bored.....all of 
 your flaws and banana.....I want to play a song and you have my computer so i will 
 sing to myself. in my head I see you all over....jason derulo....so TRY ME in morning 
 when the sun comes rising up so TRY ME in the evening when you just cant get...girl 
 your so damn fine though I wanna hit you from ......WAHHHHHH
