Author: Nick Palutsis
Class: CSE 20211
Lab 5
Date: October 11, 2015

Part 1: This program asks the user to input the x and y coordinates for a point, and then it will return the corresponding polar coordinates. It also returns the number of the quadrant that the point is in, or if it is at the origin or x or y axis. The program works by having the points used as inputs for a function. This function calculates the r value and the theta value for the polar coordinates. These values are passed by reference to the main function. The rest of the function determines if the point is in quadrant 1, 2, 3, or 4; or if it is at the origin (0), x axis (-1), or the y axis (-2). This numeric value is then passed directly to the main program. This value corresponds to a specific case in a switch statement. The program returns the correct values for every situation. The only exception is when the point is at the origin it returns 0 for r but notheing for theta since there is no angle.

Part 2: This program prompts the user to enter the name of a file, and then the program scans the input as a string. This file is then scanned character by character until it scans EOF to exit the while loop. A series of if statements then checks both upper case and lower case letters. If the character is a letter then it increments that letter's value in the array frequency[26]. Each letter is able to have its own element in the array because the code uses the character's ASCII values and subtracts 'a' or 'A' from the ASCII value of the character being read in. The space, tab, and new line characters are also counted, and the total amount of characters in the file are counted. The program then prints out to the user the number of times each letter was used, the total number of characters, the total number of letters, the total number of white space characters, and the percent of characters that are white space characters. The program was tested by analyzing the Apple Terms and Conditions file, as well as the collection of Shakespeare's works. Both tests returned correct results. 
