Author: Nick Palutsis
Class: CSE 20211
Lab: 4

   In ndfootball.c the program prompts the user for four possible options: to display
the record for a given year, to show all years with "n" wins, to show all years with
"n" losses, or to exit the program. If the user's input is not one of these options
then the program will sense the error and ask the user again.
   The program works by first utilizing the do while loop so that it will continue
prompting the user until they enter "4" which satisfies the condition for the loop
and quits the program. The code will provide four options to the user with values one
through four assigned to each option. The scanf function then reads the input from
the user, and it enters the corresponding case for a switch statement. In case 1 the 
user is asked for a year, and then 1900 is then subtracted from this value in order 
to find the corresponding elements in the wins and losses arrays to display them to
the user. Case 2 prompts the user for a value, and then using a for loop it cycles 
through every element of the wins array. If the element is less than the value it does
nothing, but if it is greater than or equal to the value then 1900 is added to the 
index for that element and then printed to display a year that had at least "n" wins.
A variable "noyears" is then switched from true to false. If no years had been found 
with the set number of wins then the if statement will print to the user that no years
were found with that many wins. The variable is then reset to true at the top of the
do while loop. Case 3 functions the same as case 2 except that it checks the losses
array. In case 4 the program immediately breaks from the case and will then exit the
while loop too. If none of these cases are chosen, the default case is set to tell
the user to enter a valid input.
   The program was checked but running through each case and testing that it displayed
the right record and years for several different entries. The program was also tested
for invaled inputs (numbers other than 1, 2, 3, or 4) and it displayed the error
message as intended.
